Updating bonsai historical block limit to be more clear (#1548)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/concepts/data-storage-formats.md

Forest mode must go through all the branches by hash to read a leaf value. Bonsai can access the leaf from the underlying storage directly using the account key. Bonsai will generally read faster than forest mode, particularly if the blocks are more recent.

> However, Bonsai becomes increasingly more resource-intensive the further in history you try to read data. To prevent this, you can limit how far Bonsai looks back while reconstructing data. The default limit Bonsai looks back is 512. To change the parameter, use the [`--bonsai-historical-block-limit`](../reference/cli/options.md#bonsai-historical-block-limit) option. This may directly impact [RPC-API](../reference/api/index.md) queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Bonsai becomes increasingly more resource-intensive the further in history you try to read data. To prevent this, you can limit how far Bonsai looks back while reconstructing data. The default limit Bonsai looks back is 512. To change the parameter, use the [`--bonsai-historical-block-limit`](../reference/cli/options.md#bonsai-historical-block-limit) option. This might directly impact [JSON-RPC API](../reference/api/index.md) queries.
```
